(Yuma)
Last time on Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL...
Hey guys, that's where
the Mythyrian Number is.
Hello, Yuma.
Vector!
I hate to break
the news to you, Yuma,
but I've already taken the
Number you came here for...
Why you...
Let's have a duel and
the winner gets the Number.
Yuma!
I suppose I should mention
you 're not the one who' s
doing the dueling...
Astral is.
This can't be!
Here's the Number.
Shall we start?
Does this mean you have
teamed with that Barian?
He sought me out and
begged me and I agreed.
(both)
Let us duel!
When Utopia's
attack points change,
you take damage equal
to the change!
(loud thumping)
What's that?
(screaming)
This Labyrinth of Screams
is a trap that makes
every one of your
moves extremely dangerous.
And so if you win...
Yuma doesn't.
♪♪
♪ Still together as one
cuz divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way
you know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears are gone
erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight
together regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep
beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing
to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪♪
(screaming)
Yuma, no!
This isn't dueling!
This is insane!
Call it whatever you
like, Yuma, but I'm loving it.
Quick Yuma, look out!
(screaming)
(Number 96)
Well, Astral...
even someone as clueless
as you can plainly see
that I am in total
control of this duel.
Every time Number 96 takes
damage, that thing swoops in
to try to knock Yuma off.
(Rio)
When Astral tries to attack,
it puts Yuma in danger.
(Tori)
It's just awful.
I place two cards
facedown and end my turn.
Now it's my move!
I draw!
I summon Malicevorous Knife!
When I summon this monster,
I can summon
another Malicevorous
monster from my graveyard!
So I think I'll cut you down
to size by summoning
another Malicevorous Knife!
Now Astral...
I'll show you the Number
you hoped to acquire!
I overlay two
Malicevorous Knives!
With these two monsters, I build
the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon
Number 65: Djinn Buster!
Number 96: Dark Mist
attack Utopia!
And now Dark Mist's
special ability activates!
By using one Overlay Unit,
Utopia loses
half of its attack points...
and those points
now belong to Dark Mist!
Aren't you gonna use
Guard Robe Exchange?
It's your best move...
or don't you realize that?
Do it, Astral!
What are you waiting for!
It'll take out a huge chunk
of 96's life points!
But if he attacks
then you'll be in danger!
Dark Mist, take out Utopia!
I activate Utopia's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit, your
monster's attack is negated.
Go Light Wing Shield!
Then I 'll use Djinn Buster' s
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
your Utopia's special
ability goes bye-bye!
That's not all.
You take 500 points of damage.
And Dark Mist
isn't through with you!
This time... crush Utopia!
And there's more!
Now Djinn Buster, attack Astral!
(gasping)
Ah...
Astral, no!
Astral!
I wish I could help.
(Vector)
Yuma!
I can't tell you how
great it feels to see you
in so much distress.
I believe I'll end my turn.
Orbital, are
you absolutely sure?
(Orbital)
Yes.
There was a gravitational
distortion at Area 34.
I hope it's the Barians!
My turn.
I draw!
I activate the spell card
Xyz Treasure!
This card allows me to draw
one card for every Xyz Monster
on the field.
There are two Xyz Monsters
So I draw two cards.
Now I summon Explossum!
This card equips on to one
of your Xyz Monsters!
Explossum...
prepare to have a blast!
It is the countdown
to your defeat!
When your Dark Mist
runs out of Overlay Units,
Explossum explodes,
destroying your monster.
Dark Mist has only
one Overlay Unit left,
so the next time it uses
its special ability,
it will trigger
its own destruction!
How did he think of that?
Brilliant move.
This way Astral
can destroy Dark Mist
without dealing damage to 96.
Awesome, Astral!
An awesome fool.
Djinn Buster's
special ability activates!
It uses one Overlay Unit to
negate your Explossum's
special ability.
So Explossum's
ability has been defused
and you take 500 points
of damage, Astral!
You okay?
Furthermore, Explossum only
has 100 attack points!
And my Small Stopper
doesn't let any monster
with a 1,000 or less attack
points attack!
And for the coup de grâce, you
take a thousand 1,000 points
of damage if
Explossum doesn't attack.
So with only 100 Life
Points left...
It's over, Astral.
As long as I have a
turn, nothing is over, 96!
My move.
What's the point in continuing?
Your defeat is inevitable.
We shall see.
We shall.
I activate... the spell
Tribute Ticket from my hand!
When I tribute my monster,
it counts as two
monsters instead of one!
That allows me to summon
Swordsman of Revealing Light
in defense mode!
This monster is so powerful
that not only does it stop
one of your monster's attacks,
but it cannot be destroyed in
battle once per turn!
That's genius.
Since your Swordsman's
in defense mode,
Small Stopper doesn't activate!
(Tori)
Yuma!
Astral's found a good defense.
I guess but is it good enough?
Why fight?
Give up.
I will not.
Victory and defeat are
never known until a duel ends.
You only have
100 life points left...
yet you still have hope.
Hope is your enemy.
You put your hope in
the hands of a human
who swore he was
your friend to the end.
But the second he thought it
would do him some good,
he lied to you...
betrayed you.
That friendship... It's
a burden,
a weight you're forced to carry.
But you put your hope in
the wrong place, Astral.
You put your hope in Yuma
Tsukumo... a traitor.
The fact is the only
real hope you have is me.
And how is that?
You mean you haven't figured out
why you can't absorb
Chaos Numbers?
It's so obvious.
You don't have my power!
You can never gather all the
Numbers without my help, Astral.
You allow your emotions to
get the best of you...
and as a result, you still try
to protect your friend the liar!
(Yuma)
Astral...
You have to beat him!
I'll be okay.
Just beat him!
I must keep him
out of harm's way.
I end my turn, 96.
My move!
I draw!
I've acquired
new powers, Astral.
Now I'll show you just
what that means!
I activate Rank-Up-Magic
Barian's Force!
This card ranks
up my Xyz Monster,
and summons a Chaos Xyz Monster.
I rebuild the Overlay Network
with Rank 2 Djinn Buster!
Go Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Now appear, Chaos Number 65:
King Overfiend!
King Overfiend's
special ability activates!
As long as it's on the field,
your monsters' special
abilities don't work.
That means you can no
longer stop my attacks!
(Vector)
Your iron-clad defense has
been destroyed Astral.
So what?
Astral's monster still has
way more defense points!
There's no way your
Number can destroy it!
We'll see about that.
King Overfiend's other
special ability activates!
By using one Chaos Overlay Unit,
Swordsman Of Revealing Light
loses 1,000 attack
and defense points!
Now Dark Mist...
destroy Swordsman
Of Revealing Light!
I'm not done yet.
King Overfiend attack
Astral directly!
Oh, no!
If this attack hits...
Astral loses.
I activate the trap Xyz Reborn!
This brings back an
Xyz Monster from my graveyard.
Return, Number 39:
Utopia!
Furthermore, Xyz Reborn becomes
an Overlay Unit for Utopia.
This guy's a pain.
King Overfiend...
stop your attack!
No biggie.
Thanks to King Overfiend, utopia
can't use its special abilities.
And if you attack me,
you put Yuma in danger!
Face it, Astral.
You're through!
This can't be.
(Yuma)
It's my fault.
If Astral wasn't protecting me,
he could duel the way
he needs to!
If Astral loses the duel,
he's gonna disappear
and I'll never...
I'll never forgive...
(Astral)
Yuma, listen to me.
Focus on what is happening,
not what might.
Look at your surroundings.
Is it possible to change your
adversity into your advantage?
But...
I don't know what can I do!
There's nothing I...
Do not think that way!
What I can do?
What can I do to help you?
Yuma, I have faith in you.
Just think.
I got it!
I have to find a way to
get off of here,
so Astral doesn't
have to worry about me!
There!
If I could just get
over to that other pillar...
But how?
There's one way.
Well, Astral...
I think it's time you and Yuma
said your goodbyes, don't you?
This duel is not over yet.
You only have
100 life points left.
Why don't you give up?
All right.
I end my turn!
(Yuma)
What if I fail?
I...
Hey....
My dad's coin.
Okay.
Astral can't win unless
I get off of here,
so it's just
like my dad taught me.
I'm gonna high five the sky!
What is he...
(both)
Yuma, no!
(screaming)
Can't get away that easy!
(gasping)
I did it, Astral!
Now you can do whatever
it takes to beat him!
Yuma.
You'll regret this Yuma!
You may be clever but
I still have the advantage!
I think not.
What?
In fact, my victory
is now inevitable.
My turn.
I draw!
Go Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Appear, Chaos Number 39.
Utopia Ray!
I activate the trap
Superior Overlay!
If my monster has more Overlay
Units than your monsters,
all your monsters are destroyed!
Astral has two Overlay Units
on Utopia Ray.
Number 96 has
only one on Dark Mist.
But that means my field
will be empty!
Perhaps.
However, you are allowed
to remove one Overlay Unit
from Dark Mist in order to save
it from destruction.
The choice is yours, Number 96.
I remove Dark Mist's Overlay
Unit so it's not destroyed!
All right!
Since it lost its Overlay Unit,
it can't use its
special ability!
How did he turn the duel
around with just one card?
You knew exactly what
you were going to do
before the duel
even began, didn't you?
Of course I did.
But how?
Quite simply.
You overestimated your strategy
and underestimated Yuma and me.
You!
How dare you make a fool of me?
I activate Utopia Ray's
special ability!
Utopia Ray gains
500 attack points for each
of its Overlay Units!
Overlay Charge!
And your monster loses 1,000
attack points for every one!
Your defeat is unavoidable!
It's not over.
Go, Utopia Ray!
Attack Dark Mist!
This duel isn't
over by a longshot!
I activate the trap...
Chaos return!
This card stops your attack!
I see.
I discard one card and activate
a spell card from the graveyard.
I chose to activate
Rank-Up-Magic Barian's Force!
And now I overlay
Rank 2 Dark Mist!
With this one monster,
I rebuild the Overlay Network!
Go Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Appear...
Chaos Number 96!
Dark Storm!
(laughing maniacally)
(Yuma)
What's going on?
(growling)
What do you all think?
Doesn't this new look
suit me perfectly?
Oh, man... What did that
Barian card I gave him do?
My trap Chaos Return's other
effect activates!
Remember how I stopped
Utopia Ray's attack?
Well, that was only temporary
because it has to attack now!
What's he planning?
I 'll bet he' s got something
nasty up his sleeve.
I don't think
Astral expected this.
Dark Storm's
special ability activates!
Bad news, Astral...
When it's destroyed in battle,
both players take
the battle damage!
Both of us?
♪♪
It's...
it's a draw.
I did not win, but
I did not lose.
How frustrating.
In that case...
I'll destroy this
place and all of you with it!
(rumbling)
It 's comin' down!
Well, Astral... we'll
settle this another time.
I have no doubt we will.
(screaming)
Yuma!
Thanks for the lift!
The Barians are back, Kite!
Can't wait to hear
what happened.
♪♪
(Kite)
So you guys are
on a scavenger hunt
looking for seven
special Numbers?
(Yuma)
Yep.
We already got one, but
the Barians got the Number
that was in there.
♪♪
(Vector)
That was close.
Good thing the Number's
safe with us.
No thanks to you.
I should never
have trusted your plan.
It was almost as weak as
you are, Vector.
How dare you!
If I have need for
you again, I'll find you.
Let's hope I never get
that desperate.
I order you to stop!
(voice)
Let him go.
Don Thousand!
Everything is going as planned.
Besides, I have a
more important task for you.
What?
It is time to awaken them.
(laughing)